Session Creation from Raw Session Cookies (#568)
starlite-api/starlite: docs/usage/14-testing.md

### Create Session Cookies

If you are using **Session Middleware** for session persistence across requests then your route handlers may expect
preloaded session when mocking the request. To mock request with raw session cookies, you can use

> `TestClient.create_session_cookies`. The session middleware will then load session from the session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TestClient.create_session_cookies`. The session middleware will then load the session data from the session
```

    # Set cookies
    for key, value in cookies.items():
        test_client.cookies.set(key=key, value=value, domain=domain)
    test_client.get(url="/my_route")
```

### Create Session from Raw Cookies

If your route handlers modify data in session, you may want to assert session data to confirm the modification. If you
are using **Session Middleware**, the response from the route handlers will include raw session cookies which are a
serialized image of the session. To assert data in session, `TestClient.get_session_from_cookies` method deserializes
raw session cookies and creates session from them.

```python title="tests/test_route_handlers.py"
import pytest
from starlite.testing import TestClient

from my_app.main import app, session_cookie_config_instance

class TestClass:

    @pytest.fixture()
    def test_client(self) -> TestClient:
        with TestClient(app=app, session_config=session_cookie_config_instance) as client:
            yield client

    def test_something(self, test_client: TestClient) -> None:
        test_client.get(url="/test")
        session = test_client.get_session_from_cookies()
        assert "user" in session
```

!!! important

>     Enable **Session Middleware** in your Starlite app to use session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Session Middleware** must be enabled in Starlite app provided to the TestClient to use sessions.
```
